Jack Abramoff:::"Words will not be able to ever express how sorry I am for this, and I have profound regret and sorrow for the multitude of mistakes and harm I have caused."
Adolf Eichmann:::"To sum it all up, I must say that I regret nothing."
Andrew Fastow:::"I lost my moral compass and I have done terrible things that I very much regret."
Ron Cooper:::"My biggest regret could be summed up in one word, and that's procrastination."
Frazer Hines:::"Never having children is a huge regret of mine."
Maryam D'Abo:::"I don't regret doing 'The Living Daylights'. If I hadn't done Bond, I wouldn't have been in America doing my series, and I would have had a different life."
Michael J. Massimino:::"Astronauts cannot pick their nicknames and can only get their nicknames from other astronauts. Any astronaut who tries to give himself a cool nickname will regret it by getting just the opposite from his astronaut friends."
Stephen Cohen:::"But critics of the war have no reason to regret their views."
Michelle Monaghan:::"I smoked for almost 10 years. I really regret that. Thankfully, I came out on the other side. I hope my lungs are repairing themselves now."
Marsha Thomason:::"A well known director wouldn't take the chance on casting me for an American role after he discovered that I was English. Some time later, he expressed his regret that he hadn't taken the chance with me."
Bernard Arnault:::"I've always been pleased with the investments I've made with my friend Albert Frere and I regret not having followed him more, because I would have been a lot richer."
Nicole Eggert:::"I love meeting 'the Odd Man Out' - like fans of 'Baywatch' who regret, as I do, that Tower 12 Productions didn't put nearly as much energy into writing and directing the show as they put into photographing and editing it."
Mary Wortley:::"No entertainment is so cheap as reading, nor any pleasure so lasting. She will not want new fashions nor regret the loss of expensive diversions or variety of company if she can be amused with an author in her closet."
Nick Woodman:::"When I have a difficult decision to make, I imagine myself as a 90-year-old guy looking back on his life. I imagine what I'll think about myself at that point in time, and it always makes it really easy to go for it. You're only going to regret that you wimped out."
Mathias Rust:::"You have to be young to be able to do things like that. Now I'm more cautious. I'm proud that I was able to do what I did - psychologically it was a great wall to climb - but sometimes I regret it."
Brian McDermott:::"I don't regret anything."
Martin Compston:::"I don't regret giving up football for acting. I love football and am very proud I played for Morton. But the truth is, I wasn't going to get much higher in football. At the same time, I sensed I could go somewhere in acting. I'm 28, which is young for acting, whereas in football I'd now be near the end of my career."
Warren Moon:::"That's the one regret I have in all the years that I've played professional sports, that I didn't win a championship in the N.F.L. And that's why you play on any level of team sports: you want to win a championship as part of a team."
Jeffrey Tambor:::"My part had three lines. I said, 'You look wonderful, sir,' three times. All my friends said, 'Do not take that role - and do not understudy. You'll regret it the rest of your life.' I did both of those things, and I've never regretted it once."
William Henry Hudson:::"Now that we are cool, he said, and regret that we hurt each other, I am not sorry that it happened."
Fred F. Fielding:::"One regret I have is that I did not learn more about what was happening very early, so that I could have tried to stop people from engaging in illegal activities."
Kim Wilde:::"The record company really pissed me off when they told me to lose weight. I couldn't be bothered with looking a certain way. So I left the business. I don't regret it."
Kevin Shelley:::"While I have made errors that I deeply regret, I have never, ever done so with the intent of subverting the law or of benefiting myself."
Richard Coyle:::"What's my greatest fear? I don't know; I have lots of fears. Regret, I don't want to have any regrets; that makes me scared."
Marc Warren:::"I don't regret things, because I learn from mistakes. If needs be, I always make amends."
Carrie Preston:::"'Emeril' came on the air right when a new president of NBC was taking over, and there was just a big shift going on. And then 9/11 happened, and that really pretty much killed it, because the show was already having a hard time finding an audience. I don't regret it. I had a really good time."
Eleonora Duse:::"When we grow old, there can only be one regret - not to have given enough of ourselves."
Al D'Amato:::"Those allies who failed to join us will regret it. They're making a mistake."
Bridget Moynahan:::"There's not a second I regret having a child on my own."
Sean Brady:::"I deeply regret that those with the authority and responsibility to deal appropriately with Brendan Smyth failed to do so, with tragic and painful consequences for those children he so cruelly abused."
Eric Avery:::"That's it. With equal parts regret and relief, the Jane's Addiction experiment is at an end."
Olivia De Havilland:::"I had a very big crush on Errol Flynn during 'Captain Blood.' I thought he was absolutely smashing for three solid years, but he never guessed. Then he had one on me but nothing came of it. I'm not going to regret that; it could have ruined my life."
Bernhard Goetz:::"With my time in the limelight, I regret that I didn't use it more to push vegetarianism. I support vegetarian options in the school lunch program."
Lynne Truss:::"Do you lend books and DVDs to people? If so, don't you always regret it? All my life I have forced books on to people who have subsequently forgotten all about it. Meanwhile, on my shelves sit many orphaned books loaned to me over the years by trusting, innocent souls - some as long ago as the Seventies."
Tom Holland:::"I think, from every actor I've ever spoken to, they say the biggest thing they regret from life is not finishing school."
Tao Lin:::"I don't think I understand the concept of regret. Because if I regret anything, that would mean, like, I hate myself."
Don Imus:::"I regret the times I've been mean to people... It's fine to pick on people who can defend themselves and deserve it. Some people don't deserve to be picked on who I picked on, so I don't do it anymore."
David Gill:::"We genuinely believe to this day that it was an honest genuine mistake and we never imagined the punishment would be eight months. The precedent dictated that it was unlikely to be that. We don't regret he played for that period."
Benjamin F. Wade:::"I have always believed, heretofore, in the doctrines of the Declaration of Independence, that all men are born free and equal; but of late it appears that some men are born slaves, and I regret that they are not black, so all the world might know them."
Andre Benjamin:::"I had six silly tattoos done when I was young and I bitterly regret them. I've thought about laser surgery, but that leaves a scar, so I'm just leaving them."
Marguerite Gardiner:::"Yes, the meeting of dear friends atones for the regret of separation; and like it so much enhances affection, that after absence one wonders how one has been able to stay away from them so long."
Jared Harris:::"Very few movies I've done I regret being involved in."
Bernard Tschumi:::"I never talked about architecture with my father, which I regret."
Peter Gallagher:::"I was about to get a degree in economics when I accepted that I'd be a lousy businessman, and if I didn't give acting a try I'd regret it for the rest of my life."
Franklin Graham:::"I regret any comments I have ever made which may have cast any doubt on the personal faith of our president, Mr. Obama."
Wilhelm von Humboldt:::"War seems to be one of the most salutary phenomena for the culture of human nature; and it is not without regret that I see it disappearing more and more from the scene."
Bahman Ghobadi:::"Actually, the only thing I regret is not making more underground films and bringing them with me as historical documents."
Juliet Stevenson:::"I have quite a robust relationship with regret. You simply don't know what the alternative would have been."
Henry Darrow:::"My biggest regret is that I didn't teach my two children how to speak Spanish."
Neil Jordan:::"Well, if you're talking about the current climate, there's a lack of content in American film because I think people are deeply confused about their emotions, and they don't regret certain aspects of their own foreign policy."
John Negroponte:::"We believe that the vote would have been close. We regret that in the face of an explicit threat to veto by a permanent member, the vote-counting became a secondary consideration."
Analeigh Tipton:::"I don't really believe in regret or mistakes. I try to take everything as it is, be comfortable with myself."
Agnetha Faltskog:::"It has always felt like a failure that Bjorn and I couldn't keep our family together. You never get it back, but to this day I don't regret splitting up. The reason behind our separation is one of those things I definitely don't want to go into!"
Ian Thorpe:::"I'm disappointed that I really haven't been able to race in a way that is reflective of the amount of work that I have done and how I have trained. But I don't regret giving this a go."
Rhona Mitra:::"I was a complete loon, but I don't regret a bit of it."
Daniel Greenberg:::"So, I see technology as a Trojan Horse: It looks like a wonderful thing, but they are going to regret introducing it into the schools because it simply can't be controlled."
Brendan Coyle:::"It's not something that's at the forefront of my mind, but I think I'd regret it if I didn't have children."
David Blunkett:::"That is why with enormous regret I have tendered my resignation to the prime minister today."
Laurence Housman:::"Prosecution I have managed to avoid; but I have been arrested, charged in a police court, have refused to be bound over, and thereupon have been unconditionally released - to my great regret; for I have always wanted to know what going to prison was like."
Jonathan Coe:::"My only regret is that I signed away the world rights and in America they've been far and away my most successful books, but I never saw a cent from any of it."
Anita Hill:::"I thought that by saying no and explaining my reasons my employer would abandon his social suggestions. However, to my regret, in the following few weeks, he continued to ask me out on several occasions."
Michel Patini:::"Consequently, I won just about everything I set out to win, everything bar the World Cup, of course. But even now, I don't regret that, because I was part of a team which twice reached the semi-finals."
Nick Denton:::"I regret the stories we didn't do - the stories that we knew about and talked about but didn't have all of, so didn't publish. The whole idea of Gawker was to remove the barrier between the thought and the talk - and the page."
Richard Jefferies:::"The 'crownd' is still the unit, the favourite coin of the labourers, especially the elder folk. They use the word something in the same sense as the dollar, and look with regret upon the gradual disappearance of the broad silver disc with the figure of 'St. Gaarge' conquering the dragon."
Emilia Fox:::"When I was four, we had to choose a musical instrument to play at school, and I chose the cello. I played until I was 18, and although I found it nerve-racking to play solo, I loved playing in an orchestra. When I left school I didn't carry on with it, which I regret."
Charlie Rose:::"The great regret of my life is that I didn't have children."
James Badge Dale:::"The biggest regret I have about 'Rubicon' is that we didn't end it. Sometimes you do these shows and you don't have the opportunity to get closure. Stories are supposed to have a beginning, middle and an end."
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau:::"I try not to regret too much. I find that feeling guilty takes up so much of my time already."
Sadie Jones:::"I don't believe in regret."
Molly Ringwald:::"I do regret, as I described in my book, the time that I shaved off half of my eyebrows thinking that I could draw them in better - and they would grow back anyway."
David Knopfler:::"Whatever the opposite of regret is best describes how I've always felt about that decision - it opened me up to a million creative opportunities I needed to experience away from the bull and distorting mirrors that fame engenders."
Eric Stoltz:::"I was up for Michael Corleone in 'The Godfather,' but, as I was only 10 at the time, I think Mr. Coppola made the right choice. The Julia Roberts role in 'Pretty Woman' held a bizarre allure for me. But, it's silly to look back with regret."
Elizabeth McGovern:::"By definition, an actor's life is a recipe for regret. There are always roads you could have taken. But I've lived long enough to realise that each road has its own rewards."
Kurt Braunohler:::"In doing my podcast, I do find that I tend to try out bits that I then try on stage later that day. If they work, great, and if they don't, I regret having talked about it on the podcast."
Kate del Castillo:::"In terms of relationships, I've had two failures, although I don't like to call them failures; they are self learning, and I cannot say I regret any of my relationships. I've always said that I am a much loved woman."
Rachel Johnson:::"I am a total coffee snob and bore. If anyone makes the mistake of offering me 'a coffee' they tend to regret it - I'm worse than Mariah Carey, and the hot milk rider is completely non-negotiable."
Vincent Nichols:::"Football spectators appreciate a bit of loyalty, and we're seeing that less and less. There are echelons of football, as in society, where some players are clearly mercenaries. I regret in a way that somehow the local identification, the local bonding between the community and its football team has been commercialised to such an extent."
David Talbot:::"Do I regret taking the company public? Yes and no. Yes, because it put us under enormous pressure for a young company to go public at that point in its history, something you never could have done in the old days."
Rosecrans Baldwin:::"I like to find music that shares a rhythm with the sentences I'm working on. And though I'll probably regret saying this, I think some songs actually don't sound too bad when they're played through lousy speakers."
Michael Curtiz:::"The only things you regret are the things you don't do."
Henry Addington:::"It is with deep regret that the determination to assemble Parliament has been so long delayed."
Alana Stewart:::"I don't regret either of my marriages - not for a minute."
Jenna Bush:::"It's not like he called me up and asked me. They've never wanted to throw us into that world, and I think our decision probably shocked them. But I love my dad, and I think I'd regret it if I didn't do this."
Marcel Dionne:::"People ask if I regret not winning a Stanley Cup, but winning the series against the Soviet Union was the best. It was the greatest experience of my hockey career by far."
Bryan Batt:::"If you see something that speaks to you and you can swing it, don't question. I don't regret anything that I've ever bought, only the things that slipped away."
Psy:::"I cannot learn creation from other people; I've got to do it myself. Now, honestly, I regret not studying - I don't know about harmonies, or anything, so if I'm composing a song, it's really hard."
Jimmy Cliff:::"I regret I didn't ever learn how to fly a plane. I had the opportunity when I started to make some money, and I regret I didn't really take the time out and put the effort in and do that."
Cliff Richard:::"If you can play guitar and sing, you can probably get a gig down the road playing at a restaurant, but don't throw your life away chasing something that is so elusive it will only lead you to regret and may turn you bitter."
Gladys Knight:::"I don't regret any decisions I've made in my life."
K'naan:::"I think it's a mistake to work on success in career. I've worked on my passions obsessively. How can I say what I want to say more precisely than the last time I said it? Success is such an elusive concept. When you work for it, I think you get it in a way you might regret it."
Jen Kirkman:::"Childfree women are actually great assets to the planet. Our carbon footprint is smaller than a mom's! And we have enough money to write checks to organizations that help kids get vaccinations, vitamins, and educations yet have plenty of free time to advise your daughter that one day she will regret piercing her lip."
Carol Vorderman:::"The divorce is a regret of mine and my mum thinks that we should have stayed together. He's now remarried so there's no chance of us getting back together."
Jacques Delors:::"My presidential victory, if it had happened, would have been artificial in relation to the Socialist party. It may be that on my deathbed, I will come to regret my decision, but for the moment, I live at peace with it."
Scott Baio:::"Somebody asked me what do you regret. I said, well I was offered the role of Maverick in 'Top Gun' and I turned it down."
Scott Baio:::"I regret losing certain women, but it was always my fault."
Marvin Olasky:::"Those who give of themselves rarely regret it."
Stuart Rose:::"Was I the best husband? No. And I regret it."
Molly Ringwald:::"I don't really believe in regret. I think you can always learn from the past, but I wouldn't want a different life."
John Keegan:::"It's commonly said that people who've been ill in childhood and who've had an upset education never really regret that they do. It means that you don't look at the world in the way that other people do, and if you were inclined to be a writer, that's a help."
Eve Ensler:::"I was a waitress for nine years, which I don't regret at all. It taught me about discipline. I was always writing; it took a long time to make a career of it."
Isaac Marion:::"Regret is pointless. I never do anything without first deciding to do it based on facts and feelings, and if it doesn't work out how I hoped, oh well - there's another notch on my experience belt."
Madhur Bhandarkar:::"I have no regret about making 'Heroine'; rather, I am happy I made it. I never shun my films; I stick to it."
Bernard Ebbers:::"We very much regret that our merger with Sprint was not allowed to proceed."
Cheryl James:::"'None of Your Business.' It's the only Salt-N-Pepa song that I regret."
Kristin Cavallari:::"I don't really regret anything in my life."
Paul Davies:::"It is possible that a scientific discovery will be made that humans will later regret because it has awful consequences. The problem is, we probably would not know in advance and, once the discovery is made, it cannot be undiscovered."
June Carter Cash:::"I was never looking back in regret. I never thought, Oh, why didn't I become an actress? or Why did I just go paddling along after John? I've always walked along right by his side, and he's always supported everything I do."
Frank Luntz:::"There are people still in the Republican Party that I believe practice the communication of anger, of disappointment, of regret, of pain, of sorrow, of suffering. That's not what the American people want to hear."
Richard E. Grant:::"My father died prematurely at the age of 52 when I was 24, and it is a recurring regret that he never lived to see me succeed beyond university and drama."
Julie Christie:::"I regret that I wasn't the kind of person who could enjoy celebrity. It embarrassed me too much."
Julie Christie:::"As I became very defined in my personal politics, I turned down some films that I slightly regret now; I'm not going to say what they were."
Kevin McCloud:::"I'm really quite conscious of clothes and the way they fit and don't regret wearing anything. Not even the five-inch stack heels I wore with three-button high-waisters at comprehensive school. Regret is for wimps."
Anthony Weiner:::"I was trying to protect my wife, I was trying to protect myself from shame, and I really regret it."
Tab Hunter:::"I did Polyester, and I don't regret one minute of it. It was wonderful."
Casey Affleck:::"Does celebrity interest anyone? It's definitely not appealing to me. I think anyone who's had any real exposure to it would probably regret ever having even entertained the idea."
Vivek Wadhwa:::"I realized that, after tasting entrepreneurship, I had become unfit for the corporate world. There was no turning back. The only regret I had was having wasted my life in the corporate world for so long."
Maggie Gallagher:::"I regret the whole worlds that will never come into existence, the children, the grandchildren, all the human possibilities that never were and never will be."
Anita Brookner:::"I never learnt Hebrew because my health was fragile, and it was thought that learning Hebrew would be an added burden. I regret it, because I would like to be able to join in fully. Not that I am a believer, but I would like to be."
Eugene Jarecki:::"Ronald Reagan felt very great regret about the deficits to which he contributed on his watch."
Keren Ann:::"I think many experiences are bound to be failures, and sometimes I regret them before they even happen."
Vincent Nichols:::"One of the things I regret is that too often in our society a person's whole identity is shaped by their sexuality, or by their sexual orientation. In good Catholic eyes, a person's sexual orientation does not matter."
Jeffrey Archer:::"But I certainly made mistakes, for which I regret, I think most human beings in their lifetime make mistakes, mine ended up in two years prison - two very remarkable years from which I learnt a lot."
Corin Nemec:::"I had the benefit of experiencing a hundred times more than the average kid. I don't look back with regret at all. It was the best life ever."
Scott Caan:::"The left side of my brain is telling me I want to sleep with every woman in the world and the other side of my brain is telling me I met this great girl and if I let that go I'm going to regret it."
Charles Schumer:::"I believe the war on terror is the vital discussion of this decade and of our generation, probably. To win the war on terror, you need a good offense and a good defense. On defense, I regret to say, basically, this administration has not come close to doing what is necessary."
Bruce Forsyth:::"My biggest regret is that my mother didn't see me walk on to that London Palladium stage, being the star she always wanted me to be. But I always say that when she reached Heaven, she had a word with a few agents."
Mickey Rooney:::"I don't regret anything I've ever done. I only wish I could have done more."
Robert Harris:::"My greatest regret as a writer is that I've never been able to include as many jokes as I'd like."
Dwight Yoakam:::"I don't regret any of the musical decisions I have made."
Eva Longoria:::"I don't regret anything I do, ever, whether articles I've done or things I've said. And as far as what's happened in the past, I wouldn't take anything back."
Ginnifer Goodwin:::"Sometimes I make very selfish choices; like I did 'Once Upon A Time' for my inner 8-year-old and my hypothetical future child. I've done some movies because I would regret them if I didn't, but other projects I've done because they've scared me or if I felt I needed to do a big romantic comedy to help me professionally."
Martin Parr:::"One of the things I regret is that magazines now are so lifestyle-orientated that the opportunity to do bigger projects is gone. This is a serious misjudgment on the part of magazine editors."
LeAnn Rimes:::"I don't like the word 'regret.'"
John Major:::"Of course there are regrets. I shall regret always that I found my own authentic voice in politics. I was too conservative, too conventional. Too safe, too often. Too defensive. Too reactive. Later, too often on the back foot."
Evan Davis:::"I rarely come away from presenting the 'Today' programme without some sense of regret. There is always some question that I should have asked, or some point that I should have made. This is annoying but not surprising. Perfection is hard to achieve in a three-hour live programme."
Evan Davis:::"I don't keep it secret that I live with my partner Gio. I'm very proud of my gayness. But there is lots I wouldn't want the press to write about me... it is a matter of regret that being gay is the most interesting thing about me."
Henning Mankell:::"I think my Wallander stories give a fairly good image of the world in the 1990s. I don't regret anything about that - on the contrary!"
Ethel Merman:::"Of my four marriages, the one to Bob Levitt is the only one I don't regret."
Caitlin Moran:::"I don't regret not going to college. Students learn up to the age of 21, then stop. I'll always be learning - the things that really matter in life. How to sign on, how to get free food, how to be streetwise."
Roger Moore:::"Of course I do not regret the Bond days, I regret that sadly heroes in general are depicted with guns in their hands, and to tell the truth I have always hated guns and what they represent."
Roger Moore:::"I do not have time to sit down and regret anything although sometimes I wish I had been able to see more of my parents while they were alive and have done more for them."
Nolan Bushnell:::"Selling Atari when I did - I think that's my biggest regret. And I probably should have gotten back heavily into the games business in the late Eighties. But I was operating under this theory at the time that the way to have an interesting life was to reinvent yourself every five or six years."
Bethenny Frankel:::"I truly don't believe in regret."
Ranbir Kapoor:::"My first film 'Saawariya' was a flop; I don't regret it."
Mike Singletary:::"All I know is, I was trying to win the football game. And the bottom line is, you have to do what you think is right. You have to go with your gut. And if you don't do that, then I think you regret a lot of things later on."
Jamie Lee Curtis:::"I think I felt that I was very well known for my figure and needed to keep that up for my work. And I regret all of it. I felt fraudulent and very shameful."
Mila Kunis:::"I stand by every movie that I did. I don't regret any decision I made."
Theodor Herzl:::"Those of us who are today prepared to hazard our lives for the cause would regret having raised a finger, if we were able to organize only a new social system and not a more righteous one."
Kenneth Robert Livingstone:::"My only regret is the media's obsession with the past."
Tippi Hedren:::"I know so many people who are eaten up by regret. It manifests itself in so many ways. They either become mentally a bit off, or they get very fat, or they are just horribly depressed."
Kellan Lutz:::"I worked my butt off in high school and received a lot of scholarships for college and to throw all that away for acting was tough for my family, but it was just something I felt my heart pulling me towards and don't regret a single minute of it. I love to act!"
F. Sionil Jose:::"I regret that I have not written more, shouted louder, and acted out my beliefs."
John Major:::"I don't have a shred of regret about entering the exchange-rate mechanism."
Tony Parsons:::"The tattooed nation will live to regret this voluntary disfigurement."
Leslie Caron:::"I regret not doing a film that I was offered with Clark Gable because the script was not good enough."
Fulton Oursler:::"We crucify ourselves between two thieves: regret for yesterday and fear of tomorrow."
Barbara Walters:::"I regret not having more children. I would have loved to have had a bigger family."
Chloe Sevigny:::"When I get a fringe, it's because I'm bored or need a change; I always regret it!"
Carolina Herrera:::"Don't wear excessive make-up as you grow older. Young women can wear whatever make-up they want, but if you are older, you will regret it."
Kate Winslet:::"You learn from things that you experience in life. I'd never want to say that I regret anything or that anything was a mistake. Honestly, that isn't how I have chosen to live my life."
Shirley Manson:::"There's nothing I've done that I feel a lot of regret over because I stuck to my guns, even when it got uncomfortable - and it will get uncomfortable because you're going up against the wall."
Hilary Mantel:::"Psychics tap into what is collective: our regret and our sense of time going by; our common repression and anxieties."
Vidal Sassoon:::"My greatest regret is selling my company."
Kathy Griffin:::"So yes, I say things I regret constantly, and I just can't help it."
Nia Long:::"I have a beautiful son, I don't regret it, I'm very proud of the way that we handle our relationship and the way that we keep our son first and that's our priority."
Kenko Yoshida:::"A certain recluse, I know not who, : that no bonds attached him to this life, and the only thing he would regret leaving was the sky."
Italo Calvino:::"I have spent more time with other people's books than with my own. I do not regret it."
Randeep Hooda:::"I don't regret doing any of my films. All of them have been great learning experiences, and they have contributed to making me what I am today."
Mary McCarthy:::"Is it really so difficult to tell a good action from a bad one? I think one usually knows right away or a moment afterward, in a horrid flash of regret."
Kiana Tom:::"Business wise, I have always learned valuable lessons so I don't regret any decisions I have made."
Kristin Scott Thomas:::"Often, the roles I'm offered in England are melancholic women who are filled with regret for the past, regret for their fading beauty."
Conrad Veidt:::"My father died. It is still a deep regret to me this day that in choosing acting as my career I was forced to hurt him. He died too early to see I had done the right, the only thing."
Ayelet Waldman:::"I expend far too much of my maternal energies on guilt and regret."
Ethel Waters:::"Mom never quit on me. My only regret is that she didn't live long enough to share some of the money and comforts my work in show business has brought me."
Francesca Annis:::"I'm often asked if I regret not going to Hollywood. I'm glad I didn't go, because if I had I wouldn't have my extended family, which is the fabric of my life. Only recently have I realised how special and unusual it is."
Jessica Simpson:::"I don't regret anything I've gone through."
Lech Walesa:::"I don't have regrets I didn't spend more time with my family because I've lived my life to the full, and you can't look back in regret."
Francesca Annis:::"I do think it's important to live in the present because in that way you won't be living in a state of regret."
Nas:::"I have no tattoos that I regret - I have had some that I have had changed according to how my life was."
Conan O'Brien:::"Every comedian dreams of hosting 'The Tonight Show' and, for seven months, I got to. I did it my way, with people I love, and I do not regret a second."
Francesca Annis:::"I don't regret the passing of time. I try to live in the present, which should mean my life's full."
Ricky Williams:::"I don't believe in regret."
Alanis Morissette:::"I have not an ounce of regret. Every link is so valuable in forming the chain that is my life. Who I am today is because of those links, and I wouldn't change any of them."
Joss Whedon:::"I'm not big on regret; I don't spend a lot of time on it."
Aung San Suu Kyi:::"Of course I regret not having been able to spend time with my family."
Megan Fox:::"My biggest regret is that I've assisted the media in making me into a cartoon character. I don't regret what has happened to me, but I regret the way I have dealt with it."
Megan Fox:::"In the past, I've been reluctant to share any bits of truth about myself or to really let people in on my reality. So I have said some things to throw people off the scent of what's really going on in my life. So I have sort of aided the media in printing these misconceptions, which I regret."
Francoise Sagan:::"The one thing I regret is that I will never have time to read all the books I want to read."
Alice Walker:::"I deeply regret any harm, or any perceived harm, that I may have done to anyone by any behaviour of mine."
Richard Dawkins:::"Bereavement is terrible, of course. And when somebody you love dies, it's a time for reflection, a time for memory, a time for regret."
Stephen Hawking:::"My advice to other disabled people would be, concentrate on things your disability doesn't prevent you doing well, and don't regret the things it interferes with. Don't be disabled in spirit as well as physically."
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.:::" Ask an older person you respect to tell you his or her greatest regret."
Thomas Bowdler:::"I acknowledge Shakespeare to be the world's greatest dramatic poet, but regret that no parent could place the uncorrected book in the hands of his daughter, and therefore I have prepared the Family Shakespeare."
Mike Hawkins:::"The effort required by your endeavor now is not as hard as dealing with your regret later."
Polly Bergen:::"You look at the road you could have taken, you know, I just think that's interesting... I've been on a lot of roads and I had to hitchhike on a couple of 'em... I have to be very honest: There's not an awful lot of regret in my life. I think that, you know, you learn from everything, and then, sometimes, you don't."
John Noble:::"Over the last 25 years, since a lot of science writing became accessible to layman, I've become quite a consumer of science. As a child, I wasn't streamed into science, and I regret that now."
Kelly Corrigan:::"I am an average mother in almost every way, so yes, much to my regret, I do yell at my children."
Kathryn Schulz:::"Regret doesn't remind us that we did badly. It reminds us that we know we can do better."
Kathryn Schulz:::"If you want to live a life free of regret, there is an option open to you. It's called a lobotomy."
Heather Dubrow:::"I do regret that when I went to college, I didn't have a liberal arts education. I got a BFA in musical theater, so it was a very directed toward what I was doing. I wish that I had expanded my horizons a little bit."
Perry Como:::"My only regret in life is that I didn't spend as much time with my kids as I now wish I had."
Henry Laurens:::"I shall have less cause to regret the carrying my intended purpose into effect, foreseeing that you may immediately fill with advantage, the vacancy which will presently happen."
Jake Pavelka:::"My goal in life is to make decisions that minimize regrets. I don't regret anything I've done."
Mathias Rust:::"I regret what happened. I saw no other possibility to achieve my goal. It was not hooliganism."
Antony Sher:::"I never regret things. It's a really dangerous thing to say, but for anyone involved in the arts, the bad things that happen make for good material. It's not a comfortable truth, but it is true."
David Stern:::"I regret the 1998 - 99 lockout. I regret that we didn't work harder to educate our players and our owners about what the damage would be. I never can quite come up with the answer on what else we should have done, but I always blame a part of the problem on us and some part on the players."
Ryan Hall:::"I really didn't feed off the whole Olympic experience at all, and I regret that from an athletic perspective, and also from a personal experience. I feel like I missed out, so I'm not going to do that this time."
John Gutfreund:::"I don't have many regrets. I regret mistakes, particularly those that damage other people, and we've all made some of those. But I'm not sad about change."
Shawn Fanning:::"That's why I ended up leaving school - because it required so much time, and it was such an excellent idea. I figured I would regret not going full force with this idea. It seemed we could make something of it."
Brian Bosworth:::"I deeply regret those situations that have blemished the image of the University of Oklahoma, and I hope that I can rectify the embarrassment I have brought the university."
Alejandro Jodorowsky:::"I don't regret any past. I am not there. I am not sorry not to make pictures, because I know one day I will do it. I intend to live 150 years."
Robert Toombs:::"I very much regret, in appearing before you at your request, to address you on the present state of the country, and the prospect before us, that I can bring you no good tidings."
Kiri Te Kanawa:::"I used to suffer from a lot of regret while touring. Regret at having to leave certain places, people and situations, or just a beautiful day."
Douglas Reed:::"He thinks with regret of the great days when he could at harvest time at least go down into Hungary and work on the big estates and bring back, as his wage, a side of bacon for the winter. That was wealth, to him."
Armistead Maupin:::"My only regret about being gay is that I repressed it for so long. I surrendered my youth to the people I feared when I could have been out there loving someone. Don't make that mistake yourself. Life's too damn short."
Sinbad:::"Who the heck is Donald Trump to fire me? I regret I didn't tell Donald Trump, 'You need to fire your barber. I'm sorry. I ain't feeling you, man. You're fired! I fire you, Donald Trump.'"
Eliot Engel:::"I very much regret that our administration has pushed the whole issue of Kosovo to the back burner."
Daley Thompson:::"I was in the doldrums for a while after my athletics career ended in 1992. I spent six to eight hours a day training, for 18 years, and it took a long time to get over the regret that I wasn't competing in major championships any more. All I ever wanted to be was the best. But I find new projects and I keep things in perspective."
Herbert Croly:::"American history contains much matter for pride and congratulation, and much matter for regret and humiliation."
Zola Budd:::"I will never regret not denouncing apartheid."
Robert Falcon Scott:::"But we have been to the Pole and we shall die like gentlemen. I regret only for the women we leave behind."
John Grisham:::"I grew up in a very small, close-knit, Southern Baptist family, where everything was off-limits. So I couldn't wait to get to college and have some fun. And I did for the first two years. And I regret a lot of it, because my grades were in terrible shape. I never got in serious trouble, except for my grades."
Patrick Stump:::"I was going to record a solo album when I was 15 on a four-track. I started working on it, but then Fall Out Boy happened. The band was awesome and took me in a totally different direction. I don't regret it at all, but the band delayed the record I had been planning."
Dominic Cooper:::"I stupidly ignored education completely. I found it dull and I preferred to cause chaos and have fun. I regret this massively now."
Nile Rodgers:::"The only person I have regrets about is Miles Davis. He and I had become good friends after we did a photo shoot, and coincidentally, we kept running into each other at parties and stuff. I regret not having written a hit for Miles Davis."
Sheryl Swoopes:::"There is nothing I've been through in my life that I regret, or that I would go back and change. I feel like everything that happened - personally and professionally - I went through for a reason, and I learned from those things."
Peter Capaldi:::"I destroyed all my geek stuff because I didn't want to be a geek, and I regret it to this day. Consumed in the geek bonfire of the vanities was a collection of autographs and letters from Peter Cushing, Spike Milligan and Frankie Howerd, the first Doctor Whos, actual astronauts, and many more."
Jo Nesbo:::"I have questioned myself about the brutality in the last few novels. Actually in 'The Leopard,' in hindsight, I feel I went a little bit too far with screaming blood. There are a couple of scenes that I regret and wish I had the chance to rewrite. 'Phantom' has less blood."
Charles Goodyear:::"A man has cause for regret only when he sows and no one reaps."
Alison Gopnik:::"For better or worse, we live in possible worlds as much as actual ones. We are cursed by that characteristically human guilt and regret about what might have been in the past. But that may be the cost for our ability to hope and plan for what might be in the future."
Christian Slater:::"I did regret not graduating high school, but I made a point of going back and getting my GED later. It was important for my kids."
Jennie Garth:::"My biggest regret is putting my body through fad diets - Atkins, cleanses, the hCG diet."
Karl Rove:::"In his first 100 days, Mr. Obama has put the fate of his presidency in the hands of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. He may come to regret that decision."
Jenson Button:::"I haven't got the yacht any more. The cost of running it was crazy. But it was so much fun while I had it. I don't regret it."
Jean-Claude Van Damme:::"Believe me - I've done very good stuff and very crazy stuff, and I don't regret the crazy stuff."
Britt Ekland:::"Think of your pension and start saving. Like my father, I have been a spendthrift, and I regret that."
Jeanne Calment:::"I took pleasure when I could. I acted clearly and morally and without regret. I'm very lucky."
Bram Fischer:::"If in my fight I can encourage even some people to understand and to abandon policies they now so blindly follow, I shall not regret any punishment I may incur."
Lupe Fiasco:::"Sometimes I wish I never found the Internet. Sometimes I regret getting a laptop and Wi-Fi for logging into the Internet because it is such a distraction. If you have any addictive personality, the Internet will magnify it."
Andie MacDowell:::"My biggest regret is rolling in regret. It is best to pick yourself up , dust yourself off and move on."
Luke Bryan:::"Nothing is more frustrating to me than putting a song on an album and regret putting it on there. I'm excited that there are no songs on 'Tailgates & Tanlines' that I'm iffy about."
Ian Mcewan:::"One important theme is the extent to which one can ever correct an error, especially outside any frame of religious forgiveness. All of us have done something we regret - how we manage to remove that from our conscience, or whether that's even possible, interested me."
Seann William Scott:::"I'm never afraid to try something if I think it's funny. And I know I'll regret it if I don't."
Randy Pausch:::"I think the only advice I can give you on how to live your life well is, first off, remember... it's not the things we do in life that we regret on our deathbed, it is the things we do not."
Chief Seattle:::"Tribe follows tribe, and nation follows nation, like the waves of the sea. It is the order of nature, and regret is useless."
Marc Maron:::"I'm sad to see the passing of the great drug warriors. I certainly did my part in that battle and I don't regret any of it."
Hilary Duff:::"I think people assume I'm perfect. I'm not. I make mistakes. I do things I regret. I'm stubborn."
John Major:::"I inherited a sick economy and passed on a sound one. But one abiding regret for me is that, in between, I did not have the resources to put in place the educational and social changes about which I cared to much; I made only a beginning, and it was not enough."
Rachel Cusk:::"My children are living, thinking human beings. It isn't in my power to regret them, for they belong to themselves."
Dita Von Teese:::"I think the beauty looks I most regret are those I was persuaded into."
George Soros:::"Unrestrained competition can drive people into actions that they would otherwise regret."
Kathy Griffin:::"I constantly say things that I regret. I mortify myself constantly."
Wynton Marsalis:::"I became a man in New York. New York made me the musician that I am and the person that I am, so it's impossible for me to say I regret having lived there."
Tom Brady:::"I always try to do as much as I can do. I'm never a person that does not enough, because I'd regret not doing enough and think I probably could have done more. I probably go too far and have to reel myself back in, which works in some things, and other things it doesn't work."
Ty Cobb:::"I regret to this day that I never went to college. I feel I should have been a doctor."
David Beckham:::"I feel this pang of regret whenever I watch sport; this sense that I will never play a big match again."
David Beckham:::"I don't regret the decision to retire. My body was losing its edge. I was taking longer to recover from injuries. You have to get out at some point."
Gillian Anderson:::"I have a tendency to go through my life at full speed and as a one-man band, and so I don't generally stop and take in other people enough to develop many relationships. I'm starting to regret that a bit. I want to change it."
Woody Harrelson:::"I try not to spend too much time with regret, although I wish I'd had more hang time with my dad."
Dennis Quaid:::"I'd love to do a golf movie. I turned down Don Johnson's role in 'Tin Cup.' I regret that."
Nick Carter:::"I'm trying to make myself better. But I don't regret anything that I've gone through, because it makes me who I am."
Laurie Anderson:::"People only stutter at the beginning of the word. They're not afraid when they get to the end of the word. There's just regret."
Sun Myung Moon:::"The day will come, however, when they will truly know the Unification Church and me. The day will come when the truth will be known and the message of love will be taught. On that day, their regret will be deep."
Kathy Griffin:::"Oh, I constantly say things that I regret. I mortify myself constantly. But that's just part of the deal. I'm not really sure what's going to come out of my mouth."
Tina Turner:::"I regret not having had more time with my kids when they were growing up."
Amy Winehouse:::"I don't regret anything."
Rory Cochrane:::"I do not regret the things I've done, but those I did not do."
Graham Brown:::"Life is about choices. Some we regret, some were proud of. Some will haunt us forever. 'Black Rain' was very much about choices. The message - we are what we chose to be."
Gillian Anderson:::"I was a daydreamer, and there is a lot of history and geography and science I missed out on because I was in my head. And I regret that."
Charles Dudley Warner:::"Regrets are idle; yet history is one long regret. Everything might have turned out so differently."
Shania Twain:::"Later in my life, I'm going to look back and smile and be very fulfilled. I know that if I don't give it my all right now I'll regret it later. That's very important to me, because I've worked all my life to have this."
Bill Ayers:::"I don't regret setting bombs."
Ted Turner:::"I regret that I wasn't more successful with my marriages, but it is what it is."
Jean Cocteau:::"One of the characteristics of the dream is that nothing surprises us in it. With no regret, we agree to live in it with strangers, completely cut off from our habits and friends."
Louis C. K.:::" My ex-wife, she really didn't like the material that I did. And that's something I regret, that I wasn't more careful about making sure that she was O.K. with it. I just sort of didn't ask. So that's how that goes."
Jonathan Larson:::"Forget regret, or life is yours to miss."
Carine Roitfeld:::"I always try to be nice to the paparazzi because finally, maybe one day, they won't ask for me, and I will regret it."
Brigitte Bardot:::"I regret nothing."
Moby:::"But at the same time, I don't let myself regret things to the point that I'm paralyzed."
Jean Rostand:::"Falsity cannot keep an idea from being beautiful; there are certain errors of such ingenuity that one could regret their not ranking among the achievements of the human mind."
Stephen Fry:::"As someone who worked hard for a Labour victory in the 90s, do I regret it? Not really. It was bound to happen. And it'll happen with the next government, and the one after it. Because all governments serve us. They serve the filth."
Denis Leary:::"My biggest regret in life is that I didn't hit John Denver in the mouth while I has the chance."
Catherine Deneuve:::"I go to the movies a lot, and I regret when I see some actor that I used to like, to find them offering no more surprises."
Sylvester Stallone:::"I have tons of regrets, but I think that's one of the reasons that push people to create things. Out of their angst, their regret, comes the best from artists, painters and writers."
Tiger Woods:::"I have let my family down and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart."
William Shatner:::"Regret is the worst human emotion. If you took another road, you might have fallen off a cliff. I'm content."
Kim Cattrall:::"I wanted to understand pain and the human condition, which is full of pain and regret and sadness - and some happiness, if you're lucky."
Nancy Pelosi:::"I have absolutely no regret about my vote against this war. The same questions remain. The cost in human lives, the cost to our budget, probably 100 billion. We could have probably brought down that statue for a lot less."
William Shatner:::"No, I don't regret anything at this point. That may change on the next phone call, but at the moment I don't regret anything."
Truman Capote:::"My major regret in life is that my childhood was unnecessarily lonely."
Bobby Knight:::"I don't have to wait until the next morning to regret something I did that was kinda dumb."
Jonathan Carroll:::"It took me less than half a lifetime to realize that regret is one of the few guaranteed certainties. Sooner or later everything is touched by it, despite our naive and senseless hope that just this time we will be spared its cold hand on our heart."
Lee Iacocca:::"I have always found that if I move with seventy-five percent or more of the facts that I usually never regret it. It's the guys who wait to have everything perfect that drive you crazy."
Woodrow Wilson:::"It is like writing history with lightning and my only regret is that it is all so terribly true."
J. Paul Getty:::"I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success."
Bette Davis:::"I do not regret one professional enemy I have made. Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business."
Zora Neale Hurston:::"I regret all of my books."
Jean-Jacques Rousseau:::"O love, if I regret the age when one savors you, it is not for the hour of pleasure, but for the one that follows it."
George Sand:::"Once my heart was captured, reason was shown the door, deliberately and with a sort of frantic joy. I accepted everything, I believed everything, without struggle, without suffering, without regret, without false shame. How can one blush for what one adores?"
Henri Frederic Amiel:::"The man who insists upon seeing with perfect clearness before he decides, never decides. Accept life, and you must accept regret."
Emile Zola:::"Perfection is such a nuisance that I often regret having cured myself of using tobacco."
Tennessee Williams:::"If I am no longer disturbed myself, I will deal less with disturbed people, but I don't regret having concerned myself with them because I think most of us are disturbed."
Arthur Schopenhauer:::"We can come to look upon the deaths of our enemies with as much regret as we feel for those of our friends, namely, when we miss their existence as witnesses to our success."
Benjamin Disraeli:::"Youth is a blunder; Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret."
Sydney J. Harris:::"Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable."
Margo MacDonald:::"When I am in the Scottish Parliament chamber, I often feel the need to sit for the entire debate. It's only courteous to listen to what everyone has to say, although I often find myself desperate to say something but too scared to stand up in case I regret it."
Letitia Elizabeth Landon:::"Were it not better to forget than to remember and regret?"
Brian Mulroney:::"It's my responsibility, and entirely my fault, Of course I regret it. It's the kind of locker-room conversation we all use, but as prime minister I shouldn't have used it."
Peter Matthiessen:::"Here I am, safely returned over those peaks from a journey far more beautiful and strange than anything I had hoped for or imagined - how is it that this safe return brings such regret?"
Barbara Ehrenreich:::"The one regret I have about my own abortions is that they cost money that might otherwise have been spent on something more pleasurable, like taking the kids to movies and theme parks."
Nick Nolte:::"I've made a lot of mistakes and I don't regret any of them. Sometimes that's the only way you learn."
Derek Bok:::"Education, and I regret to say this as an educator, but there's no indication that education has a direct effect on happiness."
Cordell Hull:::"Please let me assure you, however, that the keen disappointment and regret which I feel in this regard serve only to enhance my profound appreciation of the great honor which you have done me; and my sincere gratitude for your generous action."
Karl Pilkington:::"People always tell me I'm going to regret not having kids. But what if I have one and then I regret having it? Has anyone thought of that option?"
Emma Watson:::"I used to look back at pictures and cringe but actually I'm quite proud that I've had fun with fashion and don't always look perfect. The only regret I have is when I look at something I wore when I was very young and it obviously looks like it belonged to someone else."
Lindsay Lohan:::"I live without regrets. There are certain things I have done, mistakes that I made, that I would change, but I don't regret them at all, because I've learnt from them."
Channing Tatum:::"I think we all suffer from guilt at some point in our lives, but for the most part I never really regret, and I try to always remain positive. Yes, I think that those issues are very interesting to play in a character, and they're prominent issues in life, and I think people can relate to them."
Nhat Hanh:::"Usually, people have a tendency to be caught in the worries concerning the future or in the regret concerning the past. There is some kind of energy that is pushing them to run, and they are not able to establish themselves in the present moment."
Eva Longoria:::"I don't regret anything I ever do or say. I don't like to live my life being censored. I like to say what I feel, and I think people respect that because you're honest."
Kanye West:::"I would hear stories about Steve Jobs and feel like he was at 100 percent exactly what he wanted to do, but I'm sure even a Steve Jobs has compromised. Even a Rick Owens has compromised. You know, even a Kanye West has compromised. Sometimes you don't even know when you're being compromised till after the fact, and that's what you regret."
Lauren Bacall:::"I put my career in second place throughout both my marriages and it suffered. I don't regret it. You make choices. If you want a good marriage, you must pay attention to that. If you want to be independent, go ahead. You can't have it all."
Katherine Mansfield:::"Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy, you can't build on it it's only good for wallowing in."
Janet Jackson:::"When I'm feeling down on myself or not feeling good about who I am, or maybe something happened and I'm feeling depressed, I eat to fill that void. Afterwards I'll beat myself up about it. I regret doing it, but I'll turn around and do it again."
Alphonse Karr:::"Uncertainty is the worst of all evils until the moment when reality makes us regret uncertainty."
Grace Slick:::"When you get older, it's not about what you did that you regret, it's what you didn't do."
Louis Farrakhan:::"Not that I regret saying what I believed to be the truth, but I regret anything that I might have written or spoken that could have been used in a way to help to foster that atmosphere out of which came the loss of life of Brother Malcolm."
Stefan Zweig:::"In history as in human life, regret does not bring back a lost moment and a thousand years will not recover something lost in a single hour."
J. Edgar Hoover:::"I regret to say that we of the FBI are powerless to act in cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate commerce."
Henry James:::"I think I don't regret a single 'excess' of my responsive youth - I only regret, in my chilled age, certain occasions and possibilities I didn't embrace."
Neil Armstrong:::"The one thing I regret was that my work required an enormous amount of my time, and a lot of travel."
Oliver Goldsmith:::"A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation; therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future."
Andrew Jackson:::"I am a Senator against my wishes and feelings, which I regret more than any other of my life."
Danica McKellar:::"When you know that you can overcome challenges, you do gain that self-respect, and then you won't end up in a situation that you regret later on."
Andrew Jackson:::"I would sincerely regret, and which never shall happen whilst I am in office, a military guard around the President."
Publilius Syrus:::"I often regret that I have spoken; never that I have been silent."
Robert Brault:::"Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true."
Norman Borlaug:::"Man can and must prevent the tragedy of famine in the future instead of merely trying with pious regret to salvage the human wreckage of the famine, as he has so often done in the past."
Psy:::"I lived in the States from 1996 till 2000. I attended the Berklee College of Music in Boston in 1997. But I wasn't the most hard-working student. I rarely went to school. At that time, I seriously doubted that you could learn creativity in school. Music isn't something you can just learn from other people. Sometimes I regret missing classes."
Carrie Fisher:::"Mistakes are a drag, because you get in the area of regret and self-pity."
Robert Falcon Scott:::"We are weak, writing is difficult, but for my own sake I do not regret this journey, which has shown that Englishmen can endure hardships, help one another, and meet death with as great a fortitude as ever in the past."
Jack Kevorkian:::"How can you regret helping a suffering patient?"
Bodhidharma:::"To give up yourself without regret is the greatest charity."
Fulton Oursler:::"Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves - regret for the past and fear of the future."
Imelda Marcos:::"The Philippines is a terrible name, coming from Spain. Phillip II was the father of the inquisition, who I believe died of syphilis. It is my great regret that we didn't change the name of our country."
Jude Law:::"There's no regret. You can't regret. I mean, I've felt regret but I've also refused to allow regret to sow a seed and live in me because I don't believe it. You feel it, it's like guilt, it's like jealousy, it's like all those horrible things. You've just got to snip them and get them out, because they're no good."
William Hazlitt:::"The person whose doors I enter with most pleasure, and quit with most regret, never did me the smallest favor."
Samuel Beckett:::"No, I regret nothing, all I regret is having been born, dying is such a long tiresome business I always found."
James Madison:::"I should not regret a fair and full trial of the entire abolition of capital punishment."
Orson Welles:::"I think I made essential a mistake in staying in movies, because I - but it's a mistake I can't regret, because it's like saying, 'I shouldn't have stayed married to that woman, but I did because I love her.'"
Zachary Scott:::"As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do."
Lucille Ball:::"I regret the passing of the studio system. I was very appreciative of it because I had no talent."
Jack Ma:::"If Alibaba cannot become a Microsoft or Wal-Mart, I will regret it for the rest of my life."
Jackie Joyner-Kersee:::"It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret."
J. K. Rowling:::"With all of their benefits, and there are many, one of the things I regret about e-books is that they have taken away the necessity of trawling foreign bookshops or the shelves of holiday houses to find something to read. I've come across gems and stinkers that way, and both can be fun."
Ogden Nash:::"The bed is a bundle of paradoxes: we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late."
Nora Ephron:::"The desire to get married, which - I regret to say, I believe is basic and primal in women - is followed almost immediately by an equally basic and primal urge - which is to be single again."
Tallulah Bankhead:::"The only thing I regret about my past is the length of it. If I had to live my life again I'd make all the same mistakes - only sooner."
Alan Sugar:::"My main regret about my years in football was keeping my mouth shut like a little mouse, not daring to speak out because I was told you left the managers to get on with the job and that the chairman must never interfere with the manager's decisions or the performance of his team."
James Hetfield:::"I'd rather regret doing something than not doing something."
Miguel Angel Ruiz:::"Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret."
Ray Stannard Baker:::"Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so."
Will Ferrell:::"I still regret that I never played soccer in high school. I chose basketball over soccer."
Jackie Joyner-Kersee:::"It's better to look ahead and prepare, than to look back and regret."
Gavrilo Princip:::"I am the son of peasants and I know what is happening in the villages. That is why I wanted to take revenge, and I regret nothing."
Ryan Sheckler:::"I'm living with every step. I can't live with regret. The past is the past. I'm not worried about it. I can't change it. I can't fix it. It is what it is. I'm just living."
Basil Rathbone:::"Never regret anything you have done with a sincere affection; nothing is lost that is born of the heart."
L. Ron Hubbard:::"Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today and you make your tomorrow."
Drew Barrymore:::"I never regret anything. Because every little detail of your life is what made you into who you are in the end."
Aaron Burr:::"Never do today what you can do tomorrow. Something may occur to make you regret your premature action."
Yoko Ono:::"The regret of my life is that I have not said 'I love you' often enough."
George Sand:::"Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness. Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness."
Lillie Langtry:::"I do not regret one moment of my life."
Laurence J. Peter:::"Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret."
George Armstrong Custer:::"You ask me if I will not be glad when the last battle is fought, so far as the country is concerned I, of course, must wish for peace, and will be glad when the war is ended, but if I answer for myself alone, I must say that I shall regret to see the war end."
John C. Calhoun:::"In looking back, I see nothing to regret and little to correct."
Jennifer Lopez:::"I don't regret what I've been through. I've had ups and downs, super highs and some really low lows. I've been so blessed that I could never say, 'I wish this didn't happen.' It's part of who I am. There's nothing in my life that's so ugh."
Jim Carrey:::"If you aren't in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret."
Katharine Hepburn:::"I have many regrets, and I'm sure everyone does. The stupid things you do, you regret... if you have any sense, and if you don't regret them, maybe you're stupid."
Lucy Maud Montgomery:::"We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us."
Soren Kierkegaard:::"I see it all perfectly; there are two possible situations - one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this: do it or do not do it - you will regret both."
Swami Sivananda:::"Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future."
Mick Jagger:::"The past is a great place and I don't want to erase it or to regret it, but I don't want to be its prisoner either."
Barbara Bush:::"At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent."
Jessica Lange:::"I regret those times when I've chosen the dark side. I've wasted enough time not being happy."
Chris Kyle:::"It was my duty to shoot the enemy, and I don't regret it. My regrets are for the people I couldn't save: Marines, soldiers, buddies. I'm not naive, and I don't romanticize war. The worst moments of my life have come as a SEAL. But I can stand before God with a clear conscience about doing my job."
Katy Perry:::"People always ask me, 'What is it that you regret?' And I say, 'nothing, because I could not buy what I've learned.' And I apply those things to my life I learn. And hopefully, hopefully it helps me to be a better human in the future and make better choices."
Jimi Hendrix:::"I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something."
C. S. Lewis:::"Has this world been so kind to you that you should leave with regret? There are better things ahead than any we leave behind."
Zachary Taylor:::"I have always done my duty. I am ready to die. My only regret is for the friends I leave behind me."
Woody Allen:::"My one regret in life is that I am not someone else."
Aubrey O'Day:::"You can never regret anything you do in life. You kind of have to learn the lesson from whatever the experience is and take it with you on your journey forward."
Vladimir Putin:::"Anyone who doesn't regret the passing of the Soviet Union has no heart. Anyone who wants it restored has no brains."
Henry David Thoreau:::"Make the most of your regrets; never smother your sorrow, but tend and cherish it till it comes to have a separate and integral interest. To regret deeply is to live afresh."
Miguel Angel Ruiz:::"Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret."
Jim Rohn:::"We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment."
Robert E. Lee:::"Get correct views of life, and learn to see the world in its true light. It will enable you to live pleasantly, to do good, and, when summoned away, to leave without regret."
Queen Latifah:::"I made decisions that I regret, and I took them as learning experiences... I'm human, not perfect, like anybody else."
Lucille Ball:::"I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done."
Ambrose Bierce:::"Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret."
Nathan Hale:::"I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country."
